Work on $\omega_1$ (S35) (#1560)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000035/properties/P000062.md

---
space: S000035
property: P000062
value: false
---

> Consider the open cover $\mathcal{O}=\{[0,a)\mid a \in X\}$. If $X$ were weakly Lindelöf, we would find a countable $\mathcal{U}\subseteq \mathcal{O}$ such that $\bigcup \mathcal{U}$ dense. But then $\bigcup\mathcal{U}=X$, since otherwise we would find an $a \in X$ with $[a,\omega_1)\subseteq X \setminus \bigcup\mathcal{U}$. Therefore $X$ would be a countable union of countable sets and thus countable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the open cover $\mathcal{O}=\{[0,a)\mid a \in X\}$. If $X$ were weakly Lindelöf, we would find a countable $A\subseteq X$ such that $U = \bigcup \{[0, a) : a\in A\}$ is dense in $X$. But if $a_0 = \sup A < \omega_1$, then $U\subseteq [0, a]$, so that $U$ is contained in a proper closed set and is not dense.
```

> Consider the open cover $\mathcal{O}=\{[0,a)\mid a \in X\}$. If $X$ were weakly Lindelöf, we would find a countable $\mathcal{U}\subseteq \mathcal{O}$ such that $\bigcup \mathcal{U}$ dense. But then $\bigcup\mathcal{U}=X$, since otherwise we would find an $a \in X$ with $[a,\omega_1)\subseteq X \setminus \bigcup\mathcal{U}$. Therefore $X$ would be a countable union of countable sets and thus countable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider the open cover $\mathcal{O}=\{[0,\alpha)\mid \alpha \in X\}$.
Every countable subset of $\omega_1$ has an upper bound in $\omega_1$.
So if $\mathcal U$ is a countable subcollection of $\mathcal O$, there is some $\alpha\in\omega_1$ such that
$\bigcup\mathcal U\subseteq[0,\alpha]$, which is not dense in $X$.
```
more direct
